**Files and variables**

  Pheno_MS_-_Submission_Copy_Zipped.zip: Zipped directory containing all files (below)

    **input**: contains data (.csv) files needed to run scripts
      IBP-AOS-LIST23.csv: file linking common names (column COMMONNAME), scientific names (SCINAME), and 4-letter species codes (SPEC)
      Nhits_tab.csv: table containing the number of BirdNET labels (nhits) generated for each bird species (BandCode) for which modeling was attempted. Band_Code joins with SPEC.
      OLYM_final_locdata.csv: location metadata for ARU placements, including elevation and deploy/retrieve dates
      Siegel_et_al_2012_Elevation_Ranges….csv: adapted from Siegel, R. B., Wilkerson, R. L., Kuntz, R. C., Saracco, J. F., & Holmgren, A. L. (2012). Elevation Ranges of Birds at Mount Rainier National Park, North Cascades National Park Complex, and Olympic National Park, Washington. Northwestern Naturalist, 93(1), 23–39. https://doi.org/10.1898/11-08.1.
      species_names_olym.csv: additional file linking species’ 4-letter codes (aou4) to their common names (common_name)
  **output**: directory to which saved outputs from scripts are written
    _figures_: figures are written in .png here
    _model_output_: results from the multi-species HGAM is written here
    _tables_: tables are written here
  **scripts**: scripts are numbered in order. Scripts 1-3 (not included) take as inputs raw acoustic data and BirdNET outputs that are extremely large in size. They and the associated data are available upon request.
   _ 4_Predict_and_Plot_GAM_loop.R_: produces HGAM model outputs and calculates phenometrics. Takes several minutes+ to run.
    _5_VocalOverlap_: summarizes model output generated by script 4 and creates figures.
  Pheno_MS.Rproj: R Project file that can be used to open the project in RStudio
